Document container privilege configuration (#478)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/development/security/containers/_index.en.md

---
title: "Container Requirements"
weight: 50
---

> Current privilege setup is as follows, for non-test containers deployed by Submariner.
> Production containers not described here don’t use extra capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current privilege requirements for non-test containers deployed by Submariner are described below.
Any other production containers not described here don’t require extra privileges.
```

Author: As I tried to explain in the commit message, this PR describes the current settings, it doesn’t describe the requirements (which are less than the current settings).
